It's clear that our marketing activities generate lots of data.
So it should be easy to just pick something,
track it, make graphs,
and figure out trends, right?
Now, of course it's not that easy.
That's why I keep reinforcing the idea of identifying the metrics that matter,
and we're going to keep talking about it because this is
really the most challenging part of the process.
In this lesson, we're going to spend
a lot more time arriving at the correct metrics and starting to apply them.
We're going to look at three additional approaches to evaluating the metrics to study.
We'll look at pirate metrics,
funnel metrics, and using an analytic brief.
From there, we're going to talk about some of
the common tools that we can use to capture this data.
These tools are used to gather insights from social,
search, audience, engagement, and our content. Let's get started.